TODO.md, before:

# Watchlist

## To-dos:

- [ ] Unlog on auth errors
- [ ] Update component only on succesfull actions
- [ ] Retrigger load lyrics buton on fail
- [ ] Search feature
- [ ] Lyrics Size menu
- [ ] Auto save db as Json (weekly?)
- [ ] Pause youtube when exiting drawer.
- [ ] User handling
    - [ ] Auth feature
    - [ ] Add userid to database songs
    - [ ] Router to show songbook of user
    - [ ] If visiting user, show CheckAdd as "add"
- [ ] Smoothen drawer transition fold/unfold
- [ ] Update array songs on any kind of update
- [ ] Handle Archived (active=false)
- [ ] Offer a list view of songboook
 
## Completed ✓

- [x] Create Rest API
- [x] Create React App
- [x] Display entries
- [x] Show tags and lyrics
    - [x] Create Drawer as separate component
    - [x] Fetch lyrics from https://apiseeds.com/documentation/lyrics
    - [x] Create Tag component
    - [x] Create <3 component
    - [x] Embed youtube video
- [x] Edit Tag feature
- [x] Create Piano/Bass tag
- [x] Handle "isMissing" state with userEffect.
- [x] Check button instead of favorite
- [x] Bookmark feature
- [x] Click to expend drawer to 50% of screen
    - [x] Button expending screen to 600px
    - [ ] ~~Then show artwork stop to video~~
    - [x] Video size adpt to drawer size
    - [x] Link shown with more characters
- [x] Edit Links feature
- [x] Edit title feature
- [x] Edit infos (bottom from drawer? artist/song/bass-Piano?)
- [x] Error shown on BackEnd connection error
- [x] Filter bass/piano from front page
- [x] Random song from any pool of songs
- [x] Add set to inactive or delete
- [x] If lyrics api return nothing scrap google/genius

Commit message:

todo user filtering in db

TODO.md, after:

# Watchlist

## To-dos:

- [ ] Log the user ID to the song in the db!
- [ ] Filter query result per User
- [ ] Unlog on auth errors
- [ ] Update component only on succesfull actions
- [ ] Retrigger load lyrics buton on fail
- [ ] Search feature
- [ ] Lyrics Size menu
- [ ] Auto save db as Json (weekly?)
- [ ] Pause youtube when exiting drawer.
- [ ] User handling
    - [ ] Auth feature
    - [ ] Add userid to database songs
    - [ ] Router to show songbook of user
    - [ ] If visiting user, show CheckAdd as "add"
- [ ] Smoothen drawer transition fold/unfold
- [ ] Update array songs on any kind of update
- [ ] Handle Archived (active=false)
- [ ] Offer a list view of songboook
 
## Completed ✓

- [x] Create Rest API
- [x] Create React App
- [x] Display entries
- [x] Show tags and lyrics
    - [x] Create Drawer as separate component
    - [x] Fetch lyrics from https://apiseeds.com/documentation/lyrics
    - [x] Create Tag component
    - [x] Create <3 component
    - [x] Embed youtube video
- [x] Edit Tag feature
- [x] Create Piano/Bass tag
- [x] Handle "isMissing" state with userEffect.
- [x] Check button instead of favorite
- [x] Bookmark feature
- [x] Click to expend drawer to 50% of screen
    - [x] Button expending screen to 600px
    - [ ] ~~Then show artwork stop to video~~
    - [x] Video size adpt to drawer size
    - [x] Link shown with more characters
- [x] Edit Links feature
- [x] Edit title feature
- [x] Edit infos (bottom from drawer? artist/song/bass-Piano?)
- [x] Error shown on BackEnd connection error
- [x] Filter bass/piano from front page
- [x] Random song from any pool of songs
- [x] Add set to inactive or delete
- [x] If lyrics api return nothing scrap google/genius
